higher: no need to be lower than others
sante: where others see spring i see tiny aggressive nerve wrecking yellow bastards
the boys: incomprehensibly cool
urban survivor: don’t give in, adapt
tin fighter: roger, roger
dialogue: one glance, thousand memories
guardian: once brother, always brother
oneness: float like a jelly fish, sting like a jelly fish
femme invincible: to all the souls out there who fight invincibly
softie: scoopy scoopy scoopy
blossom: plants help heal the soul
self-observation: sitting perspective
the wait: choose patience over boredom
scoop party: love to draw ice cream, it makes me happy
recycle: hope cannot be lost; it always blooms anew
manifold: inspiration comes in many faces but always with a smiling one
tears: crying, too, can mean strength
forward: to be able to walk is great; to be able to move on is greatness
fly high: no pain no gain
only she: no other could wear this coat but she
ice cream days: my town looks and feels like a huge scoop
full pause: embrace the emptiness
ANTI: queenest bae
and we fight!: who wins the games before winter comes
momo: let the simple things do the magic
none left: dear mr. time, i beg you not to rush
prisma: light is all the color we have
lab of decisions: to science or not to science
block hero: the game is on!
clip clap: excuse me, it is an addiction
eye catcher: sometimes it is hard to tell if design is art or a money machinery
scenes: when you realize that you have no idea of your homeland
no mockery zone: it is just bad, stop.
plaza: classic thursday night i’d say
rythmic: don’t forget the beats that flow through your blood
pizza,code&trash tv: student life on point
neubad: from indoor swimming pool to event hall - next level recycling
shut: please do not disturb
cheese soup: the warm stinky time of the year again!
sleep over sessions: second homes are to be held closely
blurr: you know you work hard if you cannot distinguish dusk from dawn
lit: ideas light up to fight darkness with pure vision
automaton: from state to state
curtains up: live entertainement is underrated
sun kissed morning: caress me a little longer
on fire: turn pain into passion
lady fingers: okra happinness
triangolo: sandwich happinness
enough!: don’t let ego put you down
mini boost: every teeny tiny meeny miny motivational boost shall be appreciated
clean up: a clean mind needs a clean home
frida wins: “i paint self-portraits because […] i am the person i know best”
1000 stitches: a carefully knitted friendship is always warmer
noise cancellation: sometimes the world need to shut up.
bzzz: bzzy bee
soulplant: yes, i found mine
emoji of the year: thanks for the unicorn - make my week!
hibernation: me wants too. why human have not.
seasons: the beauty of change
stylish sip: if socializing has to involve toxic, the at least with style
filers: make your life easier, trust me
fun fact: exams make me sweat
gallo!: it’s dinner time
coffee habit: damn the people who brought that to life - i love it so much
whalish: most beautiful language i know
boat ride: the ocean of opportunities is infinite | cheers to the girls who build things
offspring: plant a seed properly: a tree can survive decades
mope: mope mope mope
workload explosion: there is only so much you can handle.
step by step: one after another
brah: gotta werk for it brah. we all gonna makte it brah.
my turn: don’t look into my cards!
sold: capitalism, why you so easy
no stress zone: just one more snooze
connected: dependecy or evolution, either way i’m in
yummy twist: ugh…i simply love pretzels
symbiosis: my definition of friendship
innsbruck: the joy of clarity
10 minutes: a voice so important sorrow get drowned
cook for once: feeding 24 people - sheesh
uphill: no harm in leaving the bustling city for a bit
lavender time: some colour for the winter
past midnight: all is silent but my muse
johnny: “i’ve got an infinite number of places to go, the problem is where to stay”
kali: turn anger into power
see it: the bigger picture
refill time: no matter how strong your engine is: no fire, no power
thank you eve: just take the apple gurl - haters gonna hate
health trash: the moment i knew why “wasted” was the perfect description
press pause please: pyjamas. now. yes?
tortoise wisdom: a slow-thought thought will have a long-lived life
succulents’ charm: maybe cute but definitely fierce
bread sharing: take your time to share the most important meal of the day with VIPs
forks and branches: forks and branches won’t break my bones
mind bending: i never know what i can’t know but i can imagine
coding just got real: minimal code is better code
coffee conversations: when you forget the coffee, you know it’s a good conversation
because school is cool: filling up my bag with new knowledge again
35 litres of past: letting go of the past is a way to move forward