10 minutes: a voice so important sorrow get drowned
1000 stitches: a carefully knitted friendship is always warmer
35 litres of past: letting go of the past is a way to move forward
ANTI: queenest bae
and we fight!: who wins the games before winter comes
automaton: from state to state
because school is cool: filling up my bag with new knowledge again
block hero: the game is on!
blossom: plants help heal the soul
blurr: you know you work hard if you cannot distinguish dusk from dawn
boat ride: the ocean of opportunities is infinite | cheers to the girls who build things
brah: gotta werk for it brah. we all gonna makte it brah.
bread sharing: take your time to share the most important meal of the day with VIPs
bzzz: bzzy bee
cheese soup: the warm stinky time of the year again!
clean up: a clean mind needs a clean home
clip clap: excuse me, it is an addiction
coding just got real: minimal code is better code
coffee conversations: when you forget the coffee, you know it’s a good conversation
coffee habit: damn the people who brought that to life - i love it so much
connected: dependecy or evolution, either way i’m in
cook for once: feeding 24 people - sheesh
curtains up: live entertainement is underrated
dialogue: one glance, thousand memories
emoji of the year: thanks for the unicorn - make my week!
enough!: don’t let ego put you down
eye catcher: sometimes it is hard to tell if design is art or a money machinery
femme invincible: to all the souls out there who fight invincibly
filers: make your life easier, trust me
fly high: no pain no gain
forks and branches: forks and branches won’t break my bones
forward: to be able to walk is great; to be able to move on is greatness
frida wins: “i paint self-portraits because […] i am the person i know best”
full pause: embrace the emptiness
fun fact: exams make me sweat
gallo!: it’s dinner time
guardian: once brother, always brother
health trash: the moment i knew why “wasted” was the perfect description
hibernation: me wants too. why human have not.
higher: no need to be lower than others
ice cream days: my town looks and feels like a huge scoop
innsbruck: the joy of clarity
johnny: “i’ve got an infinite number of places to go, the problem is where to stay”
kali: turn anger into power
lab of decisions: to science or not to science
lady fingers: okra happinness
lavender time: some colour for the winter
lit: ideas light up to fight darkness with pure vision
manifold: inspiration comes in many faces but always with a smiling one
mind bending: i never know what i can’t know but i can imagine
mini boost: every teeny tiny meeny miny motivational boost shall be appreciated
momo: let the simple things do the magic
mope: mope mope mope
my turn: don’t look into my cards!
neubad: from indoor swimming pool to event hall - next level recycling
no mockery zone: it is just bad, stop.
no stress zone: just one more snooze
noise cancellation: sometimes the world need to shut up.
none left: dear mr. time, i beg you not to rush
offspring: plant a seed properly: a tree can survive decades
on fire: turn pain into passion
oneness: float like a jelly fish, sting like a jelly fish
only she: no other could wear this coat but she
past midnight: all is silent but my muse
pizza,code&trash tv: student life on point
plaza: classic thursday night i’d say
press pause please: pyjamas. now. yes?
prisma: light is all the color we have
recycle: hope cannot be lost; it always blooms anew
refill time: no matter how strong your engine is: no fire, no power
rythmic: don’t forget the beats that flow through your blood
sante: where others see spring i see tiny aggressive nerve wrecking yellow bastards
scenes: when you realize that you have no idea of your homeland
scoop party: love to draw ice cream, it makes me happy
seasons: the beauty of change
see it: the bigger picture
self-observation: sitting perspective
shut: please do not disturb
sleep over sessions: second homes are to be held closely
softie: scoopy scoopy scoopy
sold: capitalism, why you so easy
soulplant: yes, i found mine
step by step: one after another
stylish sip: if socializing has to involve toxic, the at least with style
succulents’ charm: maybe cute but definitely fierce
sun kissed morning: caress me a little longer
symbiosis: my definition of friendship
tears: crying, too, can mean strength
thank you eve: just take the apple gurl - haters gonna hate
the boys: incomprehensibly cool
the wait: choose patience over boredom
tin fighter: roger, roger
tortoise wisdom: a slow-thought thought will have a long-lived life
triangolo: sandwich happinness
uphill: no harm in leaving the bustling city for a bit
urban survivor: don’t give in, adapt
whalish: most beautiful language i know
workload explosion: there is only so much you can handle.
yummy twist: ugh…i simply love pretzels
